Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Don't!
Doctor. please my son has been shot.
Look around you. Madame.
Everyone in Paris has been shot.
I'm begging you.
He'll die if you don't see him.
Yes. Gold. Gold.
Take it. For the revolution.
But you must see my son straight away.
Immediately!
Let me see it.
Nurse.
Prepare this patient for surgery.
You can't be in here now.
You'll have to leave.
How is he?
I've done my best.
It's up to him now.
Hello.
I could make you filthy rich.
Would you mind?
Excuse me.
Do you know where this place is?
No. Sorry. my love.
You are a genius.
The Duke D'Ormond.
Careful!
I'm so sorry!
Go and get your manager!
I believe this is yours.
I said I was sorry.
-Good day. sir.
-How may I assist?
That man who was just here.
I want to see what he sent.
Sir?
For your trouble.
Unless you'd like
to handle this another way?
Sir? No?
Good lad.
What is this?
Well done. Thank you. Burak.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm